hi this is chef Remy today I'm going to
show you how to make bread in a frying
pan we're going to use the following
ingredients all-purpose flour 1 and 1/2
cups
baking powder 1 teaspoon 1 teaspoon of
salt also and 1 cup of plain water 1
tablespoon of olive oil and we're going
to need some measuring cups and a whisk
and a bowl and also we need a frying pan
with a nice tight lid and this is going
to be sort of like soda bread it's going
to look like pita bread and you would
bring it to the table to stop up some
gravy or if you ran out of bread it
would come in kind of handy for that ok
so here is 1 teaspoon of baking powder
also one and a half cups of flour a
teaspoon of salt and one cup of plain
water and you mix it up the first time
around make sure you use 1 cup of water
the less water that you use the thicker
the bread now use very little of that of
that olive oil to cover the pan 1
tablespoon is good enough and then when
you pull in your batter
put a little bit of water around the
edges and that's very important because
that water is going to steam up and it's
going to cook the bread and try really
hard not to look at it like I'm doing
here for at least 15 minutes because
it's the same as if you open the oven
door when you're baking you want to let
that steam do its job so don't get
peeking at it it'd be better if you have
a clear cover now when you check the
bottom of it like that
and it's nice and and cooked and stiff
you can go ahead and flip it over and
let it cook another 10 or 15 minutes and
you'll have it now you might want to add
some other things now we only added salt
here but for example you could add say
sesame seed or dill weed various other
herbs dried or fresh now here what we're
doing is checking the crust and hooking
it to and see if it's cooked and if it
is then you can go ahead and take it out
okay and then you'll want to cut it in
quarters or eighths and serve it again
this is sort of like pita bread or like
soda bread and it's only something you
would want to do just a little extra
touch for your dinner or perhaps if you
ran out of bread now here I kind of used
too much water and you see that's how it
would come out if you use a little less
water it's going to be a higher a
thicker piece of bread that is and just
go ahead and plate it and serve it and
there you have it bread made in a pan
this is when you run out of bread or if
somebody requests it anyway thanks for
watching this is chef Emmy and if you
get a chance check out my website it's
called the video cook com thanks very
much and bye bye
you